How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    diff lists out the lines that are different between the two files given as input when calling diff.
    So it provides an easy and efficient way to see the differences in large files.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I can see that being a great advantage when working on a rather big project.
    You could be trying different ways of approaching a task, for example, and
    being able to go back to previous versions will be extremely beneficial if
    one way doesn't work out.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manually creating commits is probably good for smaller projects. It provides
    flexibility but might be difficult to keep track of when the scope gets bigger.
    As for bigger projects, automatic creation of commits is probably a necessity.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    For the current data visualization project I'm working on. Being able to
    keep track of the changes I made along the process of coding up templates
    for different visualization methods will greatly improve productivity.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You will be able to quickly go back to a previous version for

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here
